CLIP-1783: Added documentation on how to verify Hem charts. (#539)
atlassian/data-center-helm-charts: docs/docs/userguide/VERIFICATION.md

# Verification

> From release 1.11.0, all the Helm charts are signed with GPG key, following the instruction by official [Helm documentation](https://helm.sh/docs/topics/provenance/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From release 1.11.0, all the Helm charts are signed with a GPG key, following the instruction by the official [Helm documentation](https://helm.sh/docs/topics/provenance/). 
```

> From release 1.11.0, all the Helm charts are signed with a GPG key, following the instructions on the official [Helm documentation](https://helm.sh/docs/topics/provenance/). 

Reviewer 2: Minor: From release `1.11.0`

To verify the integrity of the charts, 

> 1. download chart `.tgz` file, `.prov` file and `helm_key.pub` from [release assets](https://github.com/atlassian/data-center-helm-charts/releases), 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download chart `.tgz` file, `.prov` file and `helm_key.pub` from [release assets](https://github.com/atlassian/data-center-helm-charts/releases), 
```

> 2. and then import the public key into your GPG keyring. (Install GnuPG tool if you haven't done so already.) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Import the public key into your local GPG keyring. (Install GnuPG tool if you haven't done so already.) 
```

    
    ```shell
    gpg --import helm_key.pub 
    ```
   

> 3. because Helm currently only supports the legacy gpg format, export the keyring to the legacy format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. At present, Helm only supports the legacy gpg format so export the keyring to the legacy format:
```

> 3. At present, Helm only supports the legacy gpg format so export the keyring into the legacy format:

Reviewer 2: Insert carriage return

    ```
    gpg --export >~/.gnupg/pubring.gpg
    ```
   

> 4. verify the chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Verify the chart.
```

>     ```

Reviewer 2: Insert carriage return
